all right another one in front of you we
got the original jam box and then the
newer big jambox big jam box has been
out for a while now it's 100 bucks more
at 300 bucks in a little jam box it was
about 200 and we're just going to do a
quick sound test and see the difference
in the two songs will play about 30
seconds of blobby Samba by Kevin Mack we
owed so we're gonna start with the
little jam box it's on full volume and
connected through bluetooth
so pretty damn big big difference there
for a hundred bucks more it's pretty
amazing I'm gonna do one last sound test
there's a setting on here called vibe
audio it's supposed to make the sound
kind of sound like you're right there
add a live show my idea oh you hold down
the plus and minus volumes for a couple
seconds and then it says live audio ions
will play the same song one last time
just see if we can see a difference with
the live audio I felt like it got a
little bit louder with live audio off I
don't really see too much of a big
difference in the live audio I don't
know and there's supposed to like make
the sound better for some situations so
test it out if you get it it's a nice
little extra but I don't have too much
use for it myself but anyways there was
a sound test jam box definitely
destroyed by the big jam box so it's a
little bigger it's more like cumbersome
to carry around but 400 bucks more - all
worth it for the sound quality so see
you guys later